hi everyone today I'm going to show you
a very easy Christmas recipe which is
Christmas toast the recipe was once
introduced on her 30-years website with
and commentator on iron chef if you
remember him and the recipe is pretty
easy because I just put this peanut
sauce on top of the top but the
seasonings I used are pretty unique so
if you want to go for the regular
spinach or special recipe I recommend
you to check out the very elemental
another tutorial in that video and I
hope you enjoy the following are the
ingredients washing lightly during the
spinach
add a pinch of salt in the boiling water
other spinach from the same side and
cook for about one minute drain and cool
with cold water you can soak in the cold
water or use running water then drain
and squeeze the spinach to remove the
excess water use the paper towel if
available cut off let spinach root ends
then cut into small pieces
one tablespoon soy sauce one tablespoon
black vinegar quarter teaspoon nutmeg a
bit of grated ginger a bit of black
pepper and mix well toss the spinach
with the seasonings sighs the bell
peppers
drain the tofu I'm using momento poo
which is caught on tofu it's much easier
to handle than the silken tofu slice the
tofu with rice
come and make a Christmas tree shape my
darling helped me to make this puzzle
but if you know the better way you can
do it in your way now top the tofu with
spinach or stasi
and decorate the tree with the diced
bell peppers and now it's done
thanks for watching
I hope you enjoyed my tutorial